kpg/README.md, before:

KPG.  The smaller brother of KWD.
==============

PURPOSE
-------
Generating HTML with the awesome Markdown.

INSTALLATION
------------
Edit kpgtemplate.html, put it somewhere and run configure.  Want to use XHTML (you shall not!) - edit Markdown.pl.

NOTES
-----
Check out the syntax.md file for useful links.

USAGE
-----
./kpg /location/of/markdown/file \[file2] \[file3] (and more) - the first line must be the title of your page.

COPYRIGHT
---------
Copyright (C) 2010 Kwpolska.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

KPG is now officially deprecated.

kpg/README.md, after:

This project is out-of-date, deprecated, and so on.  Please don't use it.

KPG.  The smaller brother of KWD.
==============

PURPOSE
-------
Generating HTML with the awesome Markdown.

INSTALLATION
------------
Edit kpgtemplate.html, put it somewhere and run configure.  Want to use XHTML (you shall not!) - edit Markdown.pl.

NOTES
-----
Check out the syntax.md file for useful links.

USAGE
-----
./kpg /location/of/markdown/file \[file2] \[file3] (and more) - the first line must be the title of your page.

COPYRIGHT
---------
Copyright (C) 2010 Kwpolska.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
