kwd/README.md, before:

KWD.  Awesome READMEs in 10 seconds flat.
==============

PURPOSE
-------
This project was made for speeding up making all the READMEs.

INSTALLATION
------------
Check out INSTALL.md.

NOTES
-----
There are two versions of KWD available: the Python version and the
original Perl version.  The Perl version is in original-perl/
directory.  The Python version (KWD2/KWD v2) is the current version.
You can convert your files using 1to2.py.

KWD stores config, licenses and the template in ~/.kwd/ (created by
the config script).

COPYRIGHT
---------
Copyright (C) 2010-2011 Kwpolska.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

kwd: RELICENSED TO BSD, fixed code
Signed-off-by: Kwpolska <kwpolska@gmail.com>

kwd/README.md, after:

KWD.  Awesome READMEs in 10 seconds flat.
==============

PURPOSE
-------
This project was made for speeding up making all the READMEs.

INSTALLATION
------------
Check out INSTALL.md.

NOTES
-----
There are two versions of KWD available: the Python version and the
original Perl version.  The Perl version is in original-perl/
directory.  The Python version (KWD2/KWD v2) is the current version.
You can convert your files using 1to2.py.

KWD stores config, licenses and the template in ~/.kwd/ (created by
the config script).

COPYRIGHT
---------
Copyright (C) 2010-2012, Kwpolska.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the author of this software nor the names of
   contributors to this software may be used to endorse or promote
   products derived from this software without specific prior written
   consent.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
